4/8/25
I'm realizing that in anki when you specify that you want to export including
html it exports all fields as html and doesn't give you an option to chose

That means in all of my fields things like &nbsp and &gt are in most of my
fields.

I could correct it myself.. But when importing html anki will correct things to make
it valid. closing tags that it thinks should be closed.

If I import some xml as html anki might do weird things with the tags

Not sure I should do that.
--

I could try to convert it. to html.

I could look for a document writting program which uses html under the hood so when I
extract the contents anki will be happy with that.
--

whatever I decide I think that I need to export twice. Once as html then another as plain
text
--
I have no way to knowing if the src field is in html or not. Which was fine up until now
because it was was either html or some plain text. But now it could also be xml

additionally I'm realizing that alot of the code stuff is affected like x >= y -> x &gt= y
--

Maybe I could import all src as a html text string. including actual html. Then when I export
I designate src as a text field, it converts all the html weirdness to a normal string and I
now have real html again

I can't copy paste that stuff tho at least I don't know how to do that right now. I paste w/
syling or without but not the actual html as a string.

I should ask claude what the html special chars are
--

I should html encode all fields that don't need syling. then when I load the dataset I decode
it. Or maybe better yet I export as html then create a copy decoding all fields I don't want
to be html.

4/18/25
So my venv seemly still works even after clearing out my global
python installation.

I should move my venv and try to recreate it so I know what steps
to put on git hub

pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu124

you'll need that^^
--
I moved the venv out going to try to recreate. Just remember the gguf won't
work without my changes with vcpkg and the source changes

4/24/25
I need to implement tags because I'm adding cards for a lot of different
domains right now

anki warns you to not make to many subdecks but instead tag notes instead.

Challenges:
- I would need need to train deck assigner to correctly tag notes
 as well as assign the decks.. Seems like a lot of effort for little gain right now
 in my setup I have AI_DEFAULT and Programming::General as fail safes. worse comes
 to worse I fix the decks myself.

Welp I updated acr to work with tags anyway. So I guess I have that if I still want
to do this.